[plugin-azure-storage-account] Add steps to interact with Azure File Share (#2873)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-azure-storage-account.adoc

in container `vividus` of storage account `testaccount` and save result to story variable `imagePathList`
----

== File share

=== Configuration

==== Endpoints

The file share endpoints are configured with the following property format:

[source,properties]
----
azure.storage-account.<key>.file-service=<endpoint>
----

where:

. `key` - The logical key used to refer the storage account in the steps.
. `endpoint` - The file service URL, e.g. `https://mystorageaccount.file.core.windows.net/`.

> It's recommended to use fie service https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview[SAS] URL here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to use the file service https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview[SAS] URL here,
```
